6/5/23 Saturday - 20/6/23 Tuesday
---------------------------------

This is a file to know about the owner of this Mac and for me when I get older.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi my name is Venkat Sushanth Kollapaneni.I don't know how you are reading
this file as I own this Mac but just read ok. 

I live in _____________. You actually thought I will reveal my location
(208, Prestige Ozone, Whitefield, Bangalore, Karnataka, India).

I am 11 years old and turning 12 on 17/6/23.

I have a huge interest in movies and TV shows such as Marvel and Mandolarian. 
I am waiting for season 4 to come out soon. I watch Anime(Naruto, Naruto: 
Shippuden), Korean(with subtitles), Telugu, and English movies.

I like playing games. The game I want to play right now is "Timberborn" 
and "The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom" which is coming out on 
Nintendo Switch on 12/5/21. Right now I play games such as Roblox(Zombie 
uprising, Doors, Tower defence simulator), Leaf blowing simulator, miles 
morales, Steam games(Baldi basics remastered, Mini motorways & metro, The 
henry stickmin collection, Unrailed).

I like reading books about biology, and fiction(David Walliams, Rick 
Riordan). I have an imaginative brain.

I am moderately good at tennis and badminton and can beat anyone in the air 
hockey and I also play cricket with football and do swimming and as hobbies 
play the guitar and do singing and dance secretly in my room with nobody 
watching and listening to songs.

Now youtube, I watch Real Civil Engineer, SSundee, MSA, and Slogo. RCE makes 
good engineering content games with puzzling puzzles and used to be a Civil 
engineer but became a youtuber and then SSundee makes among us and Minecraft 
content which is modded for twists. Slogo does GTA and Golf it races with 
Minecraft involved. MSA, we don't talk about MSA no no no. I am a YouTuber 
who has 10 subs and will upload yearly.

I listen to music from the world's smallest violin, CG5, Imagine Dragons, 
Bunty, Many other artists.

When I grow up I will become a Mathematician and Scientist on weekdays and on 
weekends I am going to work at those midnight DJ places as a guitarist and a 
singer as I will be good.

I am going to the school Oakridge International School Bengaluru and going to 
Inventure in 7TH grade and I hate my school now so I am swapping to Inventure 
as it is better.

I am studying for my exams right now which are term end and since I am 
switching from IB school to IGCE I have at least 3 days of break and my exams 
are on these dates:-
* 11/5/23 Language & Literature
* 12/5/23 Sciences
* 15/5/23 Individuals & Societies
* 16/5/23 Mathematics
I have a lot of time so this is the practice table for my study hours-
* Weekdays - 3 Hours
* Weekends - 5 Hours

I like food such as Domino's: Magharitha pizza(Cheese crust with chicken: 
regular(4 slices)). I also like chicken and mutton biryani and chocolate 
ice cream.

I like the colour Cyan. I like to have dogs and had 2 but my grandmother 
lost them and they died. Let me tell you a sad story about street dogs
(*CAUTION* Dog lovers *CAUTION*) So, my mom when she was a kid had 1 street 
dog who lived in a ruin next to their house and she had 6 kids so 1 of the 
kid loved my mother, so much she used to drink milk from a baby bottle and 
not from her Mom and the mama dog got bit by a snake and fed milk to 5 kids
who died but the 6TH drank from my mom but the mama dog died too and the 6TH 
kid felt sad. The story doesn't end. When the dog was playing with my mom, 
the dog ran to the road and got run over by a 15-tonne lorry that killed it 
and my mom was sad for days as she lost her last dog.

Enough sad stories, I have a 4-year-old sister, whose name is Viya Venkat 
Kollapaneni is very hyperactive and she is Indus early learning and had 
made a friend called Neha. She is always crying when we go out to the 
mall or a restaurant. Her birthday is 22/5/23. More about family, My dad: 
41 years and his name is Krishna Prasad Kollapaneni Venkata and has a job 
at Walmart as a software engineer. His birthday is 25/4/23. My mom: is 37 
years and her name is Kavitha Rathanam Killari Venkata has a job at ARM as 
a software engineer. Her birthday is 11/5/23. Phone numbers:-
* Mom - 9480429310
* Dad - 9449218275
* Me - 9481702520

More of my family, My mom's side Grandfather, died, Vijay Tata and 
Grandmother, is alive, around 60's and has 2 sisters and 1 brother, Ammama. 
My dads' side Grandfather, alive and his dad is a freedom fighter and his 
sister is my mom's grandmother so yes my parents are cousins, Senkertata 
and Grandmother, alive and has a husband with dementia and a lot of bad 
habits and likes travelling so much he always is out of the house and 
rarely inside it and hates children but my grandmother loves children 
and tells me stories and is my favourite family member, Nanama.

My parents call me sushanth. I like asking a lot of questions to my dad. 
My dad says I watch anything on TV which is not true as I don't watch 
serials and Star maa so he is wrong. Whenever I ask stupid questions it 
annoys my dadAnd talk about random stuff from Youtube.

Now, about friends so first my community, I have 2 friends: Cruz, The 
guy available almost anytime and works as an intern at his dad's company 
at the age of 12 for 1250 rupees/per week as Digital marketing for making 
ads and the guy plays a lot of Roblox and watches Youtube a lot and plays 
doors with me basically the typical friend everyone wants and he goes to 
Inventure school in 7TH grade.

Then, is Sanjith a person in 4TH grade 
who goes to my school and everybody hates him because of how he annoys 
people. Many people on the bus annoy him back and he gets mad luckily 
nobody told the teacher on him or he is in deep doo-doo and Sanjith is 
a friend who is basically thinks it is cool to annoy people with me because 
I will think it is cool but everyone goes through that he will learn what 
makes me think he is cool.

Now, my school freinds first up is Agastya, he has ADHD is bad and i have 
it too but at low levels and we ADHD foucus on stuff we like a lot more 
than on stuff we don't like and we are not disabled. A disabilty is not 
something bad it is just people who learn stuff differently like learning 
about maths but we like to learn maths with games of throw the ball 
multiplication, ok so Agastya is a person who exaggerates his words 
and likes to kill people(not actually) and kind of acts like a sociopath 
but if you get to know him he is a good person.   

Second is Kavin, he is a really bad friend as he likes to beat up his 
friends but he is weak so i beat him up if he does that to me well try to 
do that to me and is an Ex-friend so i don't really care about him and he 
is really dumb so he flunks all his exams and after being friends with him 
for a while you can feel your self wanting to block him and not be friends.

Third is Aarav, he is

I am good at programming and also learning the secrets of the terminal to 
give yourself access to almost any folder and making this file in the 
terminal not in TextEdit and also in codefest_2023_Oakridge with my 
team we created a game in 2000 lines of code. I am proud of myself.

I like doing computer stuff like coding as it is interesting to edit 
files and learn commands like chmod 777 and sudo.

I am a computer geek and like UI and like it and like AI like Chat-GPT 
and Dall-E because they can answer almost anything.

I am building an AI with my friend called Agastya in school and he is a 
computer geek and is good in Python and can hack really well and is 
teaching me too and I am making Jo-GPT with him which is basically Chat-GPT 
but more Jo mama.

I am Venkat. S.K. and this might be the end of the file for now...
-------------------------------------THE END-----------------------------------
